Come on!
Hurry up! Come on!
It's clear, sir.
We'll proceed with the operation.
We're going in.
Room 202, clear.
No targets found.
Lounge, clear. No targets found.
Forward!
Don't shoot!
I'm Dr. Kang Cheong-ya
from Hankuk Central Medical Center.
Please help.
Dr. Kang! I'm Nam Tae-il!
Where are you?
Come on out, ma'am! We'll protect you!
She's there! All units, hold!
Hold! Stay where you are!
If you don't stop the operation,
I can't guarantee Dr. Kang's safety!
We don't mind blowing ourselves up.
M1 dynamite
is strapped to her body.
If you don't leave on the count of ten,
we're all going to die here.
That goddamn bastard!
One!
Help!
-Damn it!
-Two!
I visually confirm
at least ten sticks of dynamite!
We can't retake the dorm
in this situation!
Three!
Move aside.
Sir! It's dangerous!
Wait, sir!
Cheong-ya.
Please. Please don't come any closer.
Please.
God, it burns.
Five!
I'll save you
at all costs.
So hang in-- Damn it!
Sir.
Please…
Leave now. Please…
Sir.
Please…
Seven!